[Music]
after burying Dobby Harry Potter asks
the Goblin Griphook to help him Ron
Weasley and Hermione Granger break into
Bellatrix Lestrange his vault at
Gringotts Bank suspecting a Horcrux
maybe their cryptic agrees in exchange
for the Sword of Gryffindor wand maker
Ollivander tells Harry that two ones
taken from Malfoy Manor belonged to
Bellatrix and two Draco Malfoy but
Malfoy's has changed its allegiance to
Harry in balances vault Harry discovers
the Horcrux is helga hufflepuff's cup he
retrieves it but kripak snatches the
sword and abandons the trio leaving them
cornered by security the three released
the dragon Guardian and flee on its back
Harry sees a vision of altamar killing
goblins including Griphook and learned
baltimore is aware of the theft Harry
also realizes there's a Horcrux at
Hogwarts somehow connected to a Rowena
Ravenclaw the trio apparate in to
Hogsmeade where a / 4th elder
reluctantly instructs the portrait of
his deceased younger sister Ariana to
fetch Neville Longbottom who leads the
trio through a secret passageway into
Hogwarts Severus Snape hears of Harry's
return and warns staff and students of
punishment for aiding Harry Harry
confronts Snape who flees after Minerva
McGonagall challenges him to a duel
McGonigle gathers the hogwarts community
for battle at luna lovegood insistence
Harry speaks to Helena Ravenclaw's ghost
who reveals that Voldemort performed
dark magic on her mother's diadem which
is in the Room of Requirement in the
Chamber of Secrets
Hermione destroys the Horcrux cup with
the basilisk Fang in the Room of
Requirement draco and two friends attack
Harry but Ron and Hermione intervene one
of Draco's friends casts a fiend fire
curse and unable to control it is burned
to death while Harry and his friends
save Malfoy and the other friend Harry
stabs the diadem with the basilisk Fang
and Ron kicks it into the Room of
Requirement where it is destroyed as
Voldemort's army attacks Harry
seeing into Voldemort's mind realizes
that Voldemort's snake Nagini is the
final Horcrux after entering the
boathouse the trio witness Valda more
telling Snape that the Elder Wand cannot
serve autumn or until Snape dies he then
ordered Nagini to kill Snape before
dying Snape tells Harry to take his
memories to the pensive in the chaos at
Hogwarts Fred Weasley Remus Lupin and
Nymphadora Tonks have been killed Harry
learns from Snape's memories that while
Snape despised Harry's late father James
who had bullied him he
his late mother Lily following her death
Snape worked secretly with Dumbledore to
protect Harry from Voldemort because of
his love for Lily Harry also learns that
Dumbledore was dying and wanted Snape to
kill him
and that Patronus doh he saw in the
woods that led him to the sword had been
conjured by Snape Harry discovers that
he himself became a Horcrux when
Baltimore originally failed to kill him
and the Harry must died to destroy the
Peace of Baltimore soul within him Harry
then surrenders himself to Volta more in
the Forbidden Forest
Baltimore casts the killing curse upon
Harry finds himself in limbo where
Dumbledore spirit meets him and explains
that the part of Voldemort within Harry
was killed by Baltimore's own curse
Harry then returns to his body
determined to defeat Voldemort once and
for all Baltimore announces Harry's
apparent death to everyone at Hogwarts
and demands they all surrender as
Neville gives the defiant response and
draws the Sword of Gryffindor from the
sorting hat Harry reveals he is still
alive the Malfoy's and many Death Eaters
abandon falda more while Harry confronts
Baltimore in the duel throughout the
castle Molly Weasley kills Bellatrix in
the Great Hall and Neville decapitate
smoggy knee making Voldemort vulnerable
Harry and Voldemort's fight ends with
valla Mart's own killing curse
rebounding and obliterating him after
the battle Harry explains to Ron and
Hermione that the Elder Wand had
recognized him as its true master
because he had disarmed Draco who
earlier had disarmed its previous owner
Dumbledore but instead of claiming the
Elder Wand Harry breaks and discards it
19 years later Harry Ginny
Ron Hermione and Draco proudly watch
their own children leave for Hogwarts at
Kings Cross station
[Music]